0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    It is a lung disease caused by inhaling fine ash and sand dust. Also the longest word in the English language.

1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    getrusage(int who, struct rusage *usage) returns resource measures for who, which can be RUSAGE_SELF, RUSAGE_CHILDREN, and RUSAGE_THREAD.
    Resource usage is returned in rusage data type which include various values such as CPU time, blocks of operation, etc.
    
    


2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    Rusage stores 16 sets of data.
    
3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though re not changing their contents?
    By passing the reference or the address itself, the computer doesn't have to malloc and copy all the data sets from rusage struct.
    

4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. 
    In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that s for loop works.
    The speller program checks spelling of the words provided in the 'text'. 
    If 3 arguments are provided, program assumes 1st argument is the dictionary provided and that 2nd is the text file.
    If only 2 provided, it assumes 1st is the text file.
    Program saves file as 'fp' with fopen(text, 'r')
    Now, after the file is successfully opened, program goes through each character in the file and runs a spell check.
    It uses a for loop to go through all the characters.
    Normally, for loop strucuture is for(var i = 0; i < end; i++).
    Here, the program uses fgetc() to iterate through the text. fgetc() returns a char pointed next from the stream.
    for (int c = fgetc(fp); c != EOF; c = fgetc(fp)) <-here, c is declared as the first char of 'fp' and loop continues until EOF. It then set c as the next char.
    
    If c is an alphabet OR is a slash /, apostrophe ', AND index > 0, add this character to 'word' array and increment index by 1.
    Also, if here, index is > LENGTH, just go through the rest of the char and set index = 0 at the end to start a new word.
    
    If c is a digit, like when index > LENGTH, go through the rest of it, and reset index to 0
    
    If c is NOT an alphabet, nor a digit, when index > 0 it's considered a start of a new word (probably a space).
    Here we would add '/0' to finish off the previous word, update word counter, and run the spell check on the word.
    We get rusage before and after calling the check() function and calculate the time it takes, print if misspelt is true and set index to 0 to start the next word.
    

5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? 
    Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    fscanf() will not be as accurate as fgetc(). 
    fscanf() reads data from stream and store them according to the format in the locations pointed.
    fscanf will ignore any whitespace characters and some characters will be skipped over.

6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as constant?
    We keep word for check and dictionary for load as constant because having them mutable would cause problems.
    Since check and load takes in a pointer as an argument, this pointer becomes immutable. 
    Content AT the pointer can change, but not the specific address that this pointer points at.
    Anyways, we keep check and load as constant because we want it to always point to the specified address and thus more reliable.

7.  TODO


8.  TODO


9.  TODO


10. TODO
wordfunctionwe
